Changed device component instantiation to be a separate method. (#3680)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/models/dcim/device.md

When a device has one or more interfaces with IP addresses assigned, a primary IP for the device can be designated, for both IPv4 and IPv6.

For Devices forming a group (Failover, Load-Sharing, Redundacy or similar) refer to [Device Redundancy Groups](deviceredundancygroup.md) model documentation.

## Developer API

> The `Device` Django ORM class supports a method called `create_components`. This method is normally called during `Device.save`, which is called whenever you save create a device via the GUI or the REST API, but if you are working directly in the ORM and encounter one of the two following scenarios, `Device.save` is not used:
> 
> - Usage of `Device.bulk_create`
> - Usage of `Device.save` during handling of the `nautobot_database_ready` signal (uses [historical models](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.2/topics/migrations/#historical-models))
> 
> In these cases you will have to 'manually' re-run `Device.create_components` in order to instantiate the [device type's](devicetype.md) component templates (interfaces, power ports, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Device` Django model class supports a method called `create_components()`. This method is normally called during `Device.save()`, which is called whenever you save create a Device via the GUI or the REST API, but if you are working directly in the ORM and encounter one of the two following scenarios, `Device.save()` is not called:

- Usage of `Device.objects.bulk_create()` to perform a bulk creation of Device objects
- Usage of `Device.save()` during handling of the `nautobot_database_ready` signal (which uses [historical models](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/3.2/topics/migrations/#historical-models))

In these cases you will have to manually run `Device.create_components()` in order to instantiate the [device type's](devicetype.md) component templates (interfaces, power ports, etc.).
```

> In these cases you will have to manually run `Device.create_components()` in order to instantiate the [device type's](devicetype.md) component templates (interfaces, power ports, etc.).

Reviewer 2: My only objection to this is the documentation reads that this is a class function, not an instance function. Could you instead do something like `device_instance.create_components()`?

Author: Done!
